doc: Add uv to quick start (#1169)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/installation.md

## Installation

> First, ensure you have [created and activated](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) a Python 3.8+ virtual environment.

Reviewer: The link for creating and activating a virtual env is for python venv; however our first suggested option is then to use uv. I am not sure about interoperability between the two.

I am a big fan of mkdocs material [content tabs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/content-tabs/#grouping-code-blocks) to have both option displayed and aligned when selecting one or the other.

What do you think?

Author: Good iead!

### Option 1: Using UV

Run the following command:
```console
uv pip install narwhals
```

### Option 2: Using Python's venv

Run the following command:
```console
python -m pip install narwhals
```

### Verifying the Installation

To verify the installation, start the Python REPL and execute:
```python
>>> import narwhals
>>> narwhals.__version__
'1.9.3'
```

> If you see the version number, the installation was successful!

Reviewer: Nitpick 😇

```suggestion
If you see the version number, then the installation was successful!
```

## Installation

=== "UV"

    First, ensure you have installed [UV](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv), and make sure you have [created and activated](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/pip/environments/#python-environments) a Python 3.8+ virtual environment.

    If you haven't, you can follow our guide [here](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/narwhals/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#option-1-use-uv-recommended).

> 

Author: The wording here is not very certain to me, perhaps it could be improved.

Reviewer: I have a tiny suggestion to avoid using "here" (you can read more - [Don’t use "click here"](https://heyoka.medium.com/dont-use-click-here-f32f445d1021))

```suggestion
    First, ensure you have installed [UV](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv), and make sure you have [created and activated](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/pip/environments/#python-environments) a Python 3.8+ virtual environment.

    If you haven't, you can follow our [_setting up your environment_](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/narwhals/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#option-1-use-uv-recommended) guide.

```

Author: Thank you for reminding me about `here`. I was completely unaware before!
